OSDOCS-4265: Updates some ROSA cli items for CloudFront (#66471)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-sts-creating-a-cluster-with-customizations-cli.adoc

Private:                    No
Created:                    Oct  1 2021 08:12:25 UTC
Details Page:               https://console.redhat.com/openshift/details/s/<subscription_id>

> OIDC Endpoint URL:          https://oidc.p1.openshiftapps.com/<cluster_id>

Author: @oriAdler Would I explain that as a note? I did it like this:
![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/16167833/f539d857-044c-420c-ae7d-2523ef8f07e3)

Private:                    No
Created:                    Oct  1 2021 08:12:25 UTC
Details Page:               https://console.redhat.com/openshift/details/s/<subscription_id>

> OIDC Endpoint URL:          https://oidc.p1.openshiftapps.com/<cluster_id>|<odic_config_id \ <1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OIDC Endpoint URL:          https://oidc.p1.openshiftapps.com/<cluster_id>|<odic_config_id> \ <1>
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OIDC Endpoint URL:          https://oidc.p1.openshiftapps.com/<cluster_id>|<oidc_config_id> \ <1>
```

> OIDC Endpoint URL:          https://oidc.op1.openshiftapps.com/<cluster_id>|<odic_config_id \ <1>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OIDC Endpoint URL:          https://oidc.op1.openshiftapps.com/<cluster_id>|<odic_config_id> \ <1>
```

> OIDC Endpoint URL:          https://oidc.op1.openshiftapps.com/<cluster_id>|<odic_config_id> \ <1>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OIDC Endpoint URL:          https://oidc.op1.openshiftapps.com/<cluster_id>|<oidc_config_id> \ <1>
```

----
+
--

> 1. The endpoint URL depends on the BYO OIDC configuration. If you are bringing your own OIDC, the URL should end with `<oidc_config_id>`; otherwise, it should be the `cluster-ID`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The endpoint URL depends on the BYO OIDC configuration. If you are pre-creating the OIDC configuration, the URL should end with `<oidc_config_id>`; otherwise, it should be the `<cluster_id>`.
```

> 1. The endpoint URL depends on the BYO OIDC configuration. If you are pre-creating the OIDC configuration, the URL should end with `<oidc_config_id>`; otherwise, it should be the `<cluster-ID>`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. The endpoint URL depends on the BYO OIDC configuration. If you are pre-creating the OIDC configuration, append the `<oidc_config_id>` value to the URL; otherwise, append the URL with the `<cluster-ID>` value.
```
Per the ISG don't use "should" to mean "must": https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#s. Consider my suggested edit as one way to avoid using "should", and to make the action more user-centric.
